"Creative output, you know, is just pain. I'm going to be cliche for a minute and say that great art comes from pain"
"People always tell you 'be humble, be humble!'. When was the last time someone told you to be amazing? Be great! Be awesome!"
"What's a B+ mean? I'm an extremist, it's either pass or fail! A+ or F-!"
"This is not album of the year. This is album of the life"
"I don't even listen to rap. My apartment is too nice to listen to rap in"
"I am God's vessel"
"I love sleep, it's my favorite"
"I don't use blue. I don't like it. It bugs me out. I hate it"
"I don't know what's better, getting laid or getting paid"
"Fashion is merely an option. And I've got a lot of options"
"Super inspired by my visit to IKEA today, really amazing company... my mind is racing with the possibilities..."
"Yeezy is a unicorn, it's a billion dollar company"
"I am Warhol. I am the No 1 most impactful artist of our generation. I am Shakespeare in the flesh"
"My greatest pain in life is that I will never be able to see myself perform live"
"I walk through the hotel and I walk down the street and people look at me... like I'm Hitler"
"I feel like I'm too busy writing history to read it"
"For me, money is not my definition of success. Inspiring people is a definition of success"
"I am not a fan of books. I would never want a book's autograph. I am a proud non-reader of books"
"It's very hard for a woman to wanna be with someone that's with Amber Rose. I had to take 30 showers before I got with Kim"
"I will go down as the voice of this generation, of this decade, I will be the loudest voice"
"I don't think people are going to talk in the future. They're going to communicate through eye contact, body language, emojis, signs"
"My music isn't just music, it's medicine"
"When you're the absolute best, you get hated on the most"
"I still think I am the best"
"I don't want to say these really big over-the-top statements that end up getting quoted."
"Trends come and go, but cool is forever."
"Come on now! How could you be me and want to be someone else?"
"If people are saying you're wrong, it's probably a good sign that you're a genius."
"I'm my favorite rapper."
"George Bush doesn't care about black people."
"I'm like a tree. I feed the branches of the people."
"You may be talented, but you're not Kanye West."